Oh.
Right y'all. We are live
on this beautiful Wednesday afternoon.
God bless you all.
Man,
it's one of those days, man. We are in
Chop City.
God bless you all in Jesus name. I hope
everyone's doing well as Bitcoin is
chopping around this
kind of channel thing. Actually kind of
breaking out right now. Kind of breaking
out. Well, we're we're we're going to
see what's going to happen here. We're
going to talk about the rejection. We're
going to talk about all the stuff that's
happening here because it is getting
wild. It I mean, this is this is the
definition of wild price action, guys.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying? Big shout out
to everybody in the chat right now.
Shout out to Chimp Test. God bless to
Jake Ox. Hey Jason's, greeting from the
Philistines. What the heck did I just
say? [gasps] Jason's from the
Philistines.
Hey Jason, greetings from the
Philippines. God bless. God bless you,
bro. God bless you, my man. Shout out to
Noah Brown. Bitcoin kind of ripping
after Trump's speech. Yeah, we're
getting a little bit of a move up here.
Shout out to CBK Wahoo who says, "Yeah,
buddy."
Shout out to stealthiness. Are we
watching the FOMC at Jason Casper? Is
there FOMC today? If there is, I didn't
even know. Uh, let's go to Forex Factory
and see when the FOMC is.
Uh, it's just the minutes today. Nothing
too crazy, guys. Let's see when actually
FOMC the actual press conference. I
probably next week, right?
No. Do we even have one this month? No.
Uh, we do. The 29th of of July is the
next FOMC federal funds rate. So, we'll
be live streaming for that on July 29th,
my dad's birthday. Big shout out to my
dad. His birthday is going to be an epic
stream. Yeah. And Bitcoin is ripping
right now after a an apparent Trump
speech. Big shout out to Splash Films.
He says, "Hit the likes, y'all." Big
shout out to Gety M9Q
and Inheritor.
He says, "59288 or I'm gay anyway.
All right, I guess
is where you want it to go. Shout out to
R Pink. He says, "Good morning,
brother." Shout out to HFG in the house.
What is going on, my bro? Shout out to
Cipher Monkey. God bless. And do one or
do one.
Shout out to New World Siu. Next year is
2829 July.
Oh, next is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Next FMC.
Yeah, we're ripping $30 to the upside.
Shout out to Lex Clan.
Shout out to Jason is going full tits
out. OMG. I'm not going full tits out. I
mean, I could, but actually I've I've
worn a uh a stringer stringer on stream
before, and we did a whole rap style
about my bra size. I don't know if you
guys remember that. OG's will remember
the rap about the size of my bra. That
was a good wrap. I wish I could find it
now. I wish I could find it now. You
know it. One thing that does suck about
doing a live stream every day is like
things happen and you wish you could go
back and watch them. There's no hope.
There's no hope. There's no hope. You
know, no hope. Okay. Bitcoin's ripping
right now, guys.
Let's see. Man, we are ripping.
We are ripping. Let Let's see. We're
getting a massive pump right now. Okay,
MSDR puppets pulling your strings. I
like that. Shout out to Dano Crypto.
He's on vacation.
He says he needs money on vacation. Did
you lose it all at the casino, man? It
happens to everybody. This one time I
went on vacation, I lost it all at the
casino. And guess what? I'm still on
that vacation. I never had enough money
to go back home. I'm still there now. I
had to start my life over where I was at
the time. And uh yeah, I'm still someday
hope I'll be able to go get back home.
But you know what? That's just part of
going on vacation, right?
Secretly just wanted to stay on vacation
for the rest of my life. Shout out to
Crypto Coons holding it down with a
wrench. Shout out to Irish Dutchman. He
says, "Hey, for all of you here, you
need to take an extra few steps than
Jason. Step one, hit the like button.
Step two, finish the stream with us and
he's going to give the the rest. You
don't gamble. That's good. Dan Krypto, I
don't gamble either. I could never ever
get into gambling. In fact, my
grandmother,
who has uh passed passed on, she was
very much so into gambling, man. She
would gamble all the time. She would
gamble. So, she would always call me up
and say, "Hey, Jason, you got to take me
to Atlantic City." Cuz she couldn't
drive. and her daughter wouldn't take
her.
So, she'd call her grandson and she knew
that I would take her. But here's the
thing, I hated gambling and she wanted
me to gamble. So, she would give me
money and uh I would like take a little
bit of the money and play the slot
machine and pretend to be on the slot
machine, but then really I'd just keep
the money. Sorry, Grandma.
But, you know, it just it didn't do my
soul good to be handed money, couple
hundred dollars, and then gamble it
away. You know what I'm saying? I'd
rather use that money 100x leverage long
on Bitbase. And speaking of Bitbase, if
you sign up to Bitbase, they're giving
away $500 a week on this live stream. We
just gave away $500 last week, VIP level
7 fees if you sign up with my link, plus
up to $33,500
bonus, including 20% cash back, up to
$2,000, and a $1,500 signup bonus. Also
got to give a big shout to Antarctic
decentralized exchange where if you use
my link, you get access to the VIP
ultimate level fees, baby.
Check it out if you're interested.
But yeah, what do we got here? What do
we got here? What do we got here? What
do we got here? The broody hen is still
broody, guys. Hen update. The hen is
still broody and I think the eggs are
going to hatch soon. All right, the eggs
are going to hatch soon. Look at this
crazy Bitcoin pump right now. We're up
$4,600
realized unrealized. We're up 23 grand
realized. We still have $300,000 in the
position. Up almost $5,000 unrealized.
Over here, we're still in the other long
trade. $300,000. We got a $600,000 long
or up 20k unrealized.
And we're up 36k realized, baby. 36K
realized, baby.
Now let's pop into the chart and let's
discuss, you know, what has happened
here.
Bitbase, is that new? How's the
liquidity? Liquidity is deep, man.
Liquidity is deep. You could you could
fill seven figure orders market easy. No
slippage. All right. Where are the stop
losses? No stop losses. Of course not.
Of course not. Um,
trading is like being a great poker
player. Yeah. Yeah. The trading is
different than a slot machine. Slot
machine is real gambling, right? Slot
machine is real legit gambling. But
trading is not legit gambling.
It could be,
but I'd make the case that if you are
gambling, then you're not a trader,
right? You're a gambler. All right, so
let's discuss. Now, yesterday, you guys
remember I was bullish. Well, I'm here
to say I was wrong. I was totally wrong.
I thought we're going to hold the PC. I
thought we were going to come higher. I
didn't take the 4hour bearish
divergences seriously. People said,
"Jay, what about the 4-hour bearish
dibs?" I said, "Eh, I'm not taking it
seriously because this doesn't look
bearish to me and the fact that we're
holding the PC looks bullish to me."
Well, guess what? As soon as I ended the
stream, bam, we got a smack move to the
downside
and those bearish divergence played out
in the 4 hour. Now, let's just kind of
unwind a little bit. Let's unwind just a
tad and let's get some context for where
we're at so we can gather ourselves
together and see look are we bullish or
are we bearish here. All right, are we
bullish or are we bearish? The first
thing that I would like to point out
here is the fact that the Bitcoin price
did indeed come down to the macro
Fibonacci 618. All right, we had this
major level of support here and so we
are getting a bounce from the macro 618.
We've gotten a confirmed local higher
high in a sense that from this downtrend
that we're in from the middle of June,
we have our high, our low, our lower
high, our lower low, our lower high, our
lower low. This is absolutely a higher
high now for the first time. And we're
also back inside the macro value area
low of the range. All right. What does
this mean? This means as long as we're
holding this level right here, well,
yeah, there's definitely more room to
the upside. Definitely more room to the
upside. And the reason why we're getting
the rejection, the reason why we got
resistance at $64.5,000
is simply because we came up to the
value area high of the local range. All
right. So, we came back inside the value
area low of the macro range and our
local range here, the June range, and we
come up to value area high and we get a
little bit of a rejection. All right.
Now, that you know, that's why I took
the short trade from here. I took it as
a hedge against my longs. but also in in
the Casper crew in the VIP Discord. This
was a short trade that was given on
Monday
in advance. All right, so let's see
where was that Monday short trade. We
got to go to the 1 hour time frame. The
Monday short trade, where was that?
Right here. Look at this short trade
given on Monday. All right, this was
given on Monday. I refined it for this
morning, but this exact setup was given
on Monday and it did hit. Right. So even
though I wasn't at the chart to analyze
in the moment, it did hit the level was
respected. All right. And that is
because we rejected from this value area
high of the range. That is why I had a
short idea from there. Now that we are
below the PC, we are officially in no
man's land when it comes to taking new
trades. We are in no man's land. We're
in the middle of the range here. This is
not a good place to be looking for a new
trade, long or short. Instead, we need
to identify the key levels. Well, right
now, the key levels to the upside is
obviously 62,500 PC.
All right. If we can reclaim this level,
then I become bullishly biased to say,
you know what, we are this because this
is the PC and I would I would look at
this and say we're just consolidating
around the PC and we're holding it. And
so, I would expect more upside based on
the high time frame bullishness, right?
If we cannot reclaim this, then I have
to say I'm expecting a move down to back
test the local value area low. The
reason why is because not only is it a
value area low, but if we pull the fib
from the low to the high, it's also the
Fibonacci golden pocket. And not only
that, but we have other confluences here
as well, including the high volume node
from this chunk of price action that we
traded, right? So, honestly, if we get
another move to the downside, I would
like to take out the low at 61,000. And
then, you know what? I I' I'd call it a
zone right around here
where I would actually be looking for a
new long trade. Personally, I'd much
rather it to be more of this area here,
a nice clean back test of the value area
low. In which case, I would say this is
a valid long idea because, like I said,
we formed a low from very key support.
We've officially changed into local
bullish market structure. We've taken
out the last lower high in the
downtrend. And so if this is a higher
high, which it objectively speaking is,
if we're going to make a higher low,
it's most likely going to come right in
this area here around $60,000. And then
we're most likely going to go for the
highs at around 6768ish,000
at the top of this range. Right? This is
what is most likely to happen if we get
the back test and bounce from around
$60,000 which gives us a beautiful
potential long trade. Something like
this. Something like this potentially a
a nice 5:1 riskreward ratio. The
technical invalidation for this long
trade is obviously coming and taking out
the low that we made back here on the
30th of June. But really the the area
that I'm interested in is going to be
between 59 and $60,000. And there's
other little zones in this area which
are all given in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord. And of course, if I take a
trade and I'm at the chart, I always let
the community know. All right. Now,
this is what I'm looking for. If we're
going to reclaim 62.5, then my honest
plan is I'm going to add to this
position here. I'm going to add to the
position here and I'm going to probably
put my position up to let's say the low
is in now. If the low is in now and we
start to reclaim 62.5 this level again,
I'm going to add to my position and I'm
going to try and get my position entry
here. And if we continue bullish market
structure, my plan is really to trail
the position entry adding to the trade
and you know move my position up with
the swing lows and highs until
eventually we come up to around the
$67ish,000 level all the way up here
where I will look to take some serious
profits. All right, take some serious
profits.
That's what's going on locally with the
Bitcoin price. And I do have to say when
we go to the higher term time frames
here such as Zik time frame
I you know like I said yesterday I I I
can't even though we rejected from this
value area high I can't get bearish
because of this little rejection here
given the high time frame
context of bouncing from very macro
support bullish divergence potentially
forming here on the weekly. All right,
this week, depending on how this week
goes, depending on how the next four
days goes, we might actually see a
weekly green dot printing next week. All
right, daily time frame has confirmed
bullish divergences.
Money flow coming up here. Now, again,
we we really need to see what happens
today cuz this if we get a red dot
confirmed on a daily, not the best look.
We expect a retracement. We do have
4hour bearish divergence here. Not the
best look, but but that being said, we
are setting ourselves up for a
continuation pattern on the 4 hour
because remember the bottom signal is
the divergence. All right, so we have
the divergence very clearly right here.
When you come to a key support as we did
right here with the money flow and the
momentum waves getting higher, giving us
the coveted uneven butt cheek pattern,
right? Big and fat and juicy on the
left, super skinny on the right, that is
the bottom signal. When you change
market structure after the bottom signal
and make a higher high, which we in fact
did, right? This is our lower high right
here. So now we make a higher high. Then
the next trigger wave where you can take
the money flow and see continuation of
the money flow and continuation of the
momentum waves. When we come and we back
test a key support where you would
expect the higher low to come in in this
case ideally doesn't have to come down
this low but I would prefer we're coming
down to the $59 $60,000 zone. This is
where when you're forming a trigger wave
after a divergence you expect the next
big leg of the move to happen.
All right. This is setting itself up
very nicely for a next big leg of the
move to happen. Is it guaranteed to
happen? No.
Nothing's guaranteed to happen in
trading. But here's the thing about
trading. Every trade you take, every
move you make,
you have to take for granted that
something is true, even if it might not
be, right? And then your risk management
carries you through,
right? you you're trading an idea that
you know might be wrong and you're
planning for it to go wrong. Every trade
you take has to have a plan if it goes
right, a plan if it goes wrong.
Otherwise, you are gambling, right? And
so, right now, the thesis, the idea is
this is a significant bottom symbolized
by divergences on our daily time frame,
our 4hour time frame, our 1 hour time
frame, our 24-minut time frame, all the
way out the wazoo. This is this is fact
number one. Fact number two, we changed
market structure. Fact number three,
this is where a higher low is likely to
come in if it's going to continue up to
the top of the range. And fact number
four, right now as we're speaking, the
oscillator is printing a continuation of
momentum and and thicker money flow. All
right, so for all these reasons, yeah,
I'm looking for the long trade
from this area. Now, what about short
trades? Well, the best short trade right
now, in my opinion, is coming back to
the top of the range. All right, around
$68ish,000. And the reason why is simply
because well if this is a sideways range
which I believe it is. It's pretty clear
to me that this is the context of our
sideways range. The best trades are
going to be from the bottom of the range
and the high of the range. Right? So
look at this. We formed the low of the
range. Guess what? Where was the long
trade best when we come down below the
range? We came down below the range on
the 25th of June. On the 25th of June, I
told everybody, "I've taken a long from
here, y'all, in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord. We didn't hit the 618, but I'm
going to look for another long if we hit
the 618." All right. Well, I held this
trade on Thursday. I added to the trade
and we hit the 618, and we have realized
right now $13,000. We still have 18
grand unrealized here in the position
because we had a plan coming down to the
bottom of the range. Now, the same is
true if we come to the top of the range,
right? If we come to the top of the
range, that's the best place to be
looking for short trades, right? So, if
you identify a sideways range, you just
draw a box at the bottom of the range
like this, and you draw a box at the top
of the range like this, and you say, you
know what,
I'm not a gambling man. I don't go to
the slot machine with my grandmother.
But I am a trader, and I know that if
I'm going to find the best short trade,
it's going to be from the top of the
range. So, we come up to the top of the
range. We take the liquidity stop hunts
stop hunts right here. Not only that,
guys, but if we zoom out of all of this
and we take a look at the more large
range going all the way back to
February, look at this. That's also the
point of control of the range, right?
So, there's a lot of confluences here.
Not only that, we take the fib high to
low and you can see that that is also
the Fibonacci golden pocket
that we've got here. So, there's a lot
of confluences right in this green box
at the top of the range. I say, you know
what,
if this sideways range is going to
continue here, the best place to look
would be from around this green box.
Now, what would we want to see on on the
green box? We'd want to see basically
the opposite of what we saw at the lows,
right? At the lows, what did we see? We
saw the momentum waves getting higher.
We saw the money flow over time getting
higher, right? The momentum waves over
time getting higher. So, what would we
want to see at that box? Well, we'd want
to see this momentum wave confirm us a
green dot. We'd want to see it come back
up here, right? And we'd want to see
over time these momentum waves getting
lower. And over time, the money flow
getting lower. And we're already
starting to see that. We could already
kind of just extrapolate and say, you
know what, something like this is very
possible. We're planning in advance.
We're we're trying to stay one step
ahead of the market. We're not just
randomly doing stuff. We're saying, you
know what,
based on how the chart looks now, I
would love to look for a long from here
and look for a short from here, cuz
these are the key levels based on market
structure and the oscillator that really
look like they're going to give us the
right move, right? They really look like
they're going to give us the right move.
When you're coming down to the bottom of
the range and you see this kind of
stuff, that's where you say, you know
what, I'm going to go for the dang long
trade, right? Then you rack in the dang
profits. We're racking in the profits.
13K,
23K. All right, we're racking them in,
baby. Isn't that crazy? 36K. I can't
believe that. That's a lot of money.
[laughter] That really is a lot of
money. You know, there always comes a
day in every trader's life where you sit
back and you look at your trades and
you're like, "Dang, that's a lot of
money." But you become desensitized to
it. That's the weird thing.
You become desensitized to money.
But, you know, back in the day, back in
the day, I'm not even kidding. If I was
up $36,000, I I wouldn't I wouldn't be
able to get I I probably wouldn't be
able to sleep for like 3 weeks because
of the dopamine and adrenaline now. Ah,
isn't that weird? It is weird how that
works. But yeah, so this is kind of what
I'm personally looking for right now.
And you know, I can't tell if this
machine is lagging or not. All right, I
can't even tell if this machine is
lagging or not. Um, let me check the
health of the stream here.
Let's see what it says.
You know,
this is a this is a nice beat though. I
like this beat. You guys hear the beat?
You hear it?
Uh,
hey yo,
it's your boy Jason Casper.
This is a classic beat. Uh
hey yo, I feel something in my soul like
the Bitcoin price action is about to
blow. We climbed up but then we fell
into the hole to the support. Look out
below over here on Antarctic Exchange.
Jay Casper [music] on the treadmill.
He's racking up those change. Yeah.
Making Benjamins [music] every day. You
know I'm so dang serious. You know your
boy don't ever play. I give it to you
straight. I never give it gay. [music]
Hey, my name is Trading Master Jay.
Don't you know it's never a disaster?
We're always in the green, baby. I'm the
trading [music] master cuz the trades
always in the green, never in the red.
Jay Casper got the crypto bars up in his
head. I take the butter, spread it on my
bread. What would [music] you rather eat
instead?
Yeah, here's the thing. We come to the
value area low. Then we do the old
bounceroni patoule. 60,000.6.
It ain't no below patoule. It ain't no
baloney. Jay Casper, he keeps it real.
You know your boy ain't phony. We get
the bounce, then we blast through
resistance. The Bitcoin price pumps up
and then we go the distance to
Triscuits, the Triscuits, the crackers,
and the wheat thins. Bitcoin might get a
dump. And we begin to get the retrace.
Then we come down. Decision time. Jay
Casper on the treadmill. Boy's a clown.
No rhymes. We got the 67
Bitcoin price about to pump up to the
heavens. I'm hanging out with my good
friend Evan. He gambled on the slot
machine. He couldn't [music] tell them
the truth. He lost it all. He had to
stay on vacation like my good boy Dano
Krypto. Your boy ain't faking. Just
kidding. Dan Krypto. Big shout out to
you, my bro. I know you're a good
trader. Always in control of the risk
management.
It's looking like a
All right. My stream is healthy. Okay,
that's good. That's good. It's a little
bit hot outside today. It's a little bit
hot outside today. So, look, that's
pretty much what I'm looking for.
One last thing I do want to say given
the context of the bullishness of the
weekly. All right.
If this is confirming a green dot
cuz this could take some time, right?
Let's say it takes a few days. Let's say
today we come down, we get a red dot in
the daily, we consolidate, eventually we
get a move back up here, right? And then
we start to get a move down, right? I
would also have to say guys that I would
be quite bullish on the fact that we
have weekly, daily, and 4hour bullish
divergences. We're forming an what looks
to be like a an inverted head and
shoulders pattern here and then we break
out. We come back to resistance. I would
not be surprised if we make a double
right shoulder
or even something like this, right?
where we pull the fib low to high and
then eventually we yeah we we basically
come back down to make a double shoulder
and then it would be shoulder head and
then our right shoulder here and this
whole thing would be like one leg up and
then we actually get a break to the
upside right cuz if we're going to
confirm that green dot next week you
know we're talking like July 20th or so
you know that's that's literally right
where this could happen and if this does
happen. I don't see why we can't get a
move up to $74ish,000 value area high.
All right. Now, again, I'm not trying to
get super bullish here. I'm literally
being as objective as possible and as as
neutral as possible. I'm looking at the
chart. I'm saying we are ranging
sideways,
right? I don't know what I just did
here.
We are ranging sideways, right? So, I'm
just trying to be objective.
Objective. As objective as possibly.
Speaking of that, let's take a look at
the order flow.
Look at the order flow. You know, it is
very interesting, guys, to see. Let's go
to the 15-minute chart here. It is very
interesting to see that during this move
up
so far, so far today on Wednesday, we
have seen it characterized by actual
longs coming in, right? We're seeing an
increase of open interest, increase of
CVD. This is actual real money coming
into the market right now. And this is
happening after we saw large amounts of
shorts coming in. All right. So, we saw
a lot of people shorting, a lot of
people shorting, lots of shorts opening
up here. Look at the increase of CVD and
uh decrease of CVD, increase of open
interest. You know, we zoom into some of
these big candles here. You know, 94
million shorts on buy USD. In fact,
let's put on aggregated. It is
aggregated. Yeah. No, it's not. Let's
Let's check them all. Let's check them
all.
Let's check them all.
We got to put our bar stats aggregated,
too.
Can you do that? Can you make it
aggregate? Yeah, let's put them all,
baby.
Yeah, let's put them all.
Yeah. So, wow. Look at this. In this one
candle, 336 million shorts, increase of
open interest, 77 million shorts here.
Uh 14 million shorts, 29 million shorts.
We're We're 8 million shorts. That's
pretty crazy.
Uh 27 million shorts,
23 million. You know, there a lot of
people shorting on the way down here. Um
so, one of two things is going to happen
here, guys.
If enough longs come in at the right
amount of time, right? If if enough
longs come in at the right amount of
time, we might actually form bearish CVD
here. If we start to form bearish CBD
where the CBD is getting higher, right?
As the price is unable to
make higher highs, that is bearish. But
also, we are breaking out of this local
trend line. Here's the 15-minute chart.
We're breaking out of the local trend
line, and we are seeing it with real
money happening, and we're not seeing
any bearish CVD divergences yet. So, so
far, this actually looks kind of
healthy, and there's a lot of shorts to
squeeze here. All right, it's getting me
so dang bullish. I might have to put I
might have to put $500,000 on the dang
position right now. Should I put 500,000
on the trade now? I'm going to have to
take a poll. 500k on the trade right
now.
Let's see what the poll says.
It would be funny if I brought the guy
on undercover the the pens pack and he
started giving financial advice. That
would be pretty funny, man.
Shout out to Limitless 618.
Um,
yo, big shout out to Evan Aldo. Evan
Aldo, what's going on, bro? God bless
you, man. Good to see you here, Evan
Aldo. Um, I got to know your take on
Bitcoin right now, cuz I kind of spilt
all my beans already. I spilt all my
beans already, you know,
man.
Man,
I'm curious to know your take on this
Bitcoin stuff. All right, Chimp Tess is
in the no STD gang. That's good. Good
for you, man. Uh, go big or go home.
That's right. That's right. Um, shout
out to Bob Saget. He says, "I hope it
goes lower so I can buy more leaps.
Wishing for 40." Yeah, me too. Honestly,
like on spot. Big shout out to Dave
Digital. Shout out to Tube Ub who says,
"Yurope." And um shout out to scene
4441.
Shout out to last RTNC. Just open a long
trade from 59.5
and just forget about the next two three
years. Yeah, honestly uh you're you're
definitely you're setting yourself up
for some goodness if you do that. You
might be in some draw down, but you
know, you might be in some draw down,
but nothing too crazy.
What's my opinion on BingX? Uh, I used
to trade on BingX uh because they were
nonkycp
and then that you could trade S&P 500
and gold and silver and all this stuff
and um then all of a sudden they
required a VPN then all of a sudden they
required KYC then all of a sudden they
got rid of S&P 500 and all so I don't
trade on them anymore.
Um shout out to not quicker. You need to
figure out how to make an AI avatar for
the live. Yeah, for the depends guy.
You're right. I do need to figure that
out. Yeah, big shout out to around town
27 and shout out to Lumen 367.89.
Do I think bullish? Um
I mean locally right here the the order
flow does look locally bullish to me in
the sense that we have a lot of shorts
opening up and now we're changing market
structure without bearish EVD
divergences. We're actually seeing like
buyers come in which could start to
squeeze these shorts. We could start to
see a short squeeze here and at least
get a move back up towards uh we could
get back basically all this stuff,
right? Get back all of this. Looks like
that's a very um real possibility since
we're breaking out of this trend line
right now.
Um but I'm pretty I'm pretty dang
neutral. And like I said before, until
we reclaim 625,
until we start to reclaim this right
here,
let's see. got to draw a horizontal line
till we start to reclaim right around
here.
I I have to say that lower is still more
probable based on just the the price
action itself,
you know, but if we do reclaim this,
that's where I actually am going to add
to this this trade here. That's where I
really am going to add to this trade
here. And that's also where I'm going to
have to take some profit on the short,
you know, take a little pee on the
short.
I don't like leverage long trades
because you can get liquidated. Options
don't get liquidated. They just go to
zero at expiration.
Yeah, you know it's to each their own,
right? To each their own. You can't see
the price on the chart. Oh crap. You're
right. On the orderflow chart, you guys
can't see the price.
You're right. I'm sorry. Let me It's
That kind of sucks. That kind of sucks
because
Yeah.
Let's see here.
Something's got to give. You know what I
mean? Like, I can't I can't show it all.
I can't show it all. Something's got to
give.
Something's got to give. I can't show it
all.
Let's see. Let's see here.
This is why I had that stupid purple bar
on the top of my streams in the past.
Now I feel like I need a bar on the
bottom here.
You know what I mean?
All right, that I guess that'll have to
work for now.
that'll have to work for now.
All right.
What do I think about Etherum? Um,
let's check about Etherum.
Um,
let's check out Ethereum real quick
here.
So, ETH also flirting with this
resistance, making a lower high here.
Honestly, the fact that ETH making a
lower high is a little healthy. Like, we
didn't we didn't get a swing failure
pattern. So, that's kind of nice. ETH is
simply chopping around in the sideways
range. Clearly defined low, clearly
defined high. If we reclaim $1,800, it
would be a very quick and easy squeeze
up to around the $2,500 area. Man,
that's what I think. Uh potentially
right now, given the fact that we have
Did we take the low? Ah, we didn't.
Yeah, I wish we had taken the low here,
but um
yeah, we didn't take the low.
We did. So, here's what we do have
though on the
on the weekly time frame. We definitely
have a bullish divergence.
on the daily time frame,
it's dancing on the line. So, a bullish
scenario for ETH is, you know, we come
and get a back test and basically do the
triple bottom. Triple bottoms always
look nicer though when this central
bottom comes lower. Uh, another option
for ETH is really we just make another
low. And if we make another low, we're
coming down to our key level at around
1,400. we are going to have a nice
bullish divergence here on the daily and
the weekly and that would look very very
bullish.
Um, another option for ETH is basically
we get a move up to here and we actually
do get a fake out take the liquidity of
these highs fake out and then come back
into the range.
Uh, that's another opt option on ETH.
Another trade I would be looking for
personally
even though I don't trade ETH but if I
was trading ETH I would be looking for
that. Um,
but yeah, this level 1,800 very, very
key because this is our 4-year support
resistance flip. I mean, look at that.
It's the highest volume node of
everything we've traded since February
2021.
So, it ain't no joke. That level ain't
no
joke. It ain't no joke.
What do I think about Cardano?
Uh, look, I'm still holding on my
Cardano. I haven't sold it. I feel like
eventually it has to pump. I could be
wrong, but Charles Hopkinson, Richard
Hartinson, whatever his name is. I can
never think of the guy's name.
He took a break, not from Cardano. He
took a break from social media, so it's
all good, right? Was Cardano hacked? I
don't know. I don't know. I hope Cardano
pumps. I've never been a fundamental
guy. I've never spent time watching
Charles Hopinson live streams, you know,
Michael Sailor and all the whoever's the
guy that made Cardano. All right. You
know, I ain't no crypto crow. Let's put
it that way. I ain't no crypto crow. I
ain't no crypto crow. The kind of guy
who would go all in on Cardano, make a
whole channel based only on Cardano. He
started out all in crypto, all different
types. Then he said, "Cardano only." He
hodddled onto that idea. He let his
channel go from
he let his channel die basically because
all he talked about was Cardano.
I haven't been following Crypto Crow in
a long time.
All right. So, I don't know all the ins
and outs of Cardano, but I do know in
general it does have good fundamentals.
If there's some kind of bearish news
about it, I don't know. Then I don't
know. But I could see it pumping. I
could see it back. I could see it over
$3.
I could see Cardano at $5. I can
envision a future where Cardano is $5.
I I haven't sold any of my Cardano that
that I've been h having for years. All
right. I'm waiting for it to pump. Like
Bitcoin is trying to pump right now.
Bitcoin looks like she's trying to pump
and give us back all the stuff, all the
juicy goodness,
you know.
Yeah. He doesn't care about price. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Jason Richardson. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh-huh. Jason Richardson. Big
shout out to Jason Richardson,
man. Jason Richardson.
There you go,
man. I'm feeling like I want to add a
little bit to this trade anyway. You
know what do you think? Put 200K on the
trade. What What does the poll say?
Let's see what the poll says. The poll
says yes. 74% say yes. Should add to the
trade. I don't know if I want to put
500K on. Let's start with 100K. Let's
start with 100K.
All right. Let's see what that does to
our entry here. All right. All right,
let's put another 100K on.
There we go.
Let's move our stop to uh actually let's
just keep our stop where it's at right
now. Let's let's see the damages.
9K. Man, we will lose 9K. We'll turn
$23,000
into $12,000 if this gets stopped. But
okay, we got half a million dollars on
the trade right now. All right, let's
see. half million dollar long trade. In
fact, might as well. Oh, I don't think I
can I don't think I can edit the video
while it's uh while it's live. I was
going to change the title to say maybe I
can. Let's see here.
Yeah, let's see.
long trade.
There we go.
There we go. Let's see what's going to
happen with this $500,000 long trade.
Half a millie.
Our target here is
I mean really we need to reclaim this.
Like I'm not I'm not I'm not getting
overly bullish until we reclaim this and
actually change this little market
structure here. But hey man,
have I bought any Cardano? No, I haven't
bought any Cardano. I probably should,
honestly.
Price is at VWAP. Let's check it. Let's
check the price.
Let's check out the Bitcoin price here.
Oh, we are at VWAP. Wow. Yeah, we're at
VWAP. Let's see. Can we reclaim the [__]
Come on, baby. Can we reclaim the [__]
Let's go. Let's go. Can we reclaim the
VWOP?
Come on, baby.
Did I type 500 million? I don't think
so. I think I did 500,000. Let's see.
Yeah, 500,000.
And with Z00
cents. Yeah, there you go. It looks more
sensational for YouTube. But really,
it's just a decimal point. Zero three
zeros after the decimal point.
Uh
yeah,
just a quick reminder, guys, over on
Bitbase. Bitbase giving away $500 every
single week to you guys if you sign up
using the link. Good old Antarctic
Decentralized Exchange, super low fees
if you use the link. Casper Crew, Jason
Caftrading.com. Best community in the
world, myself. Three other instructors
giving you the juicy trades like the
long trade from the bottom given in the
moment and in advance. up right now.
Almost 20K.
Wow, we're pumping, baby. I just got an
alert. Bitcoin crossing 622.
Oh, looks like we're getting a massive
rejection, right? Oh, wait. That's ETH.
Wait, hang on. We got to go to the six
minute time frame.
Wow, look at Bitcoin. It's coming up to
Yeah. to the VWAP.
Let's go, baby. Come on, Bitcoin.
Yeah.
Yeah, baby.
Oh, baby.
This is amazing. Let's see what happens
at the VWAP. Is it FOMC in 30 minutes? I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
It's just the FOMC minutes. It's nothing
too crazy. We're above the VWOP. Let's
see what happens. We're going to go to
the one minute.
Honestly, one minute money flow looking
kind of juicy.
We're breaking out of the wedge.
Let's put on the uh the VWOP
indicators.
Aha.
That's the weekly. We don't want the
weekly VWOP. Come on.
There we go.
Okay, we're at the VWOP. We're trying to
get a little bit of a rejection.
Can we at least take the highs? I think
we're we're definitely going to take the
highs. We're definitely going to come up
and take the highs. Come on. Can you
imagine if we don't do that?
Definitely going to take these highs.
CDW.
Yeah. Look, we got a CDW right here
above the VWAP. Come on, baby.
Come on. The itsybitsy Bitcoin. The
itsybitsy Bitcoin climbed up the water
spout.
Shout out to Bullish on Parade.
Um,
God bless you, man. Should we do a pump
song? It's never good to do the pump
song into VWAP, but uh, you know what?
What the heck? We'll do a pump song into
VWAP. What the heck? It's that it's that
time in the Bitcoin cycle where we pump
song into the VWOP.
All right, we pump song into the VWOP.
Pump song right into the VWOP. What
could go wrong? What could go wrong?
What could go wrong? [laughter]
What could go wrong? What could go
wrong? What could go wrong?
Pump song [music] into the VW. What can
go wrong?
What can go wrong?
[music]
Let's go. [music]
What could go wrong?
Yeah.
Grab your plungers, baby.
[music] Here
[music]
we go.
It's working so far.
[music]
Almost knocked the laptop off the table.
But you know, we don't have a mic, but
[music] you know, we do have
the lower mug.
We're going to
pop. We're going to pop [music]
the baby. Let's go.
[music]
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. Come on, baby. WE NEED A
[music] HANDLE RIGHT NOW.
BIG shout out to Dolores's uneven bullet
butt cheeks. [music]
[music]
>> [music]
>> We're down to the wire, baby. Dolores
don't even butt cheeks are keeping us
going. We're up $6,000. What could go
wrong? What could go wrong?
What could go wrong?
[music]
We need a Dolores body pillow
to see the truth. Forget you, man.
[music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. [music]
[music]
>> [music]
>> It's working, baby.
Man, I almost knocked the laptop off the
dang stand on that one.
[music]
>> [music]
>> 1 2 3
[music]
You know the pump song is working. Your
boy Jay on the treadmill. He be
twerking, shaking it. He got the booty
with the jiggles. [music]
Big shout to the Lord. She got the
wiggle. The uneven punch shakes about to
come in. Sit back and listen [music] to
the crypto spin. Jake Casper, where do
we begin? From your toes to your chin.
We're up to here about to be underneath
[music] the water. The Bitcoin I'm
struggling. Can I get a spa in the gym?
Got the best breath bar on my chest.
[music] I never trained legs cuz that's
the best. I don't know what I'm about to
do next, but the Bitcoin's dumping. I'm
in a rest. Oh my goodness. [music] I
can't believe what I see on the chart.
Got the red candles. I got to fart. I
got to fart. I got to dump. Wednesday is
the day of the hump. [music] Jay Casper
got falling on his rump right into the
grass. You know it never stumps. We got
the thump. We got the stump. We got the
tree stuff coming out. [music] You know
we want to go to the ro the rump roast.
You know it's the most outside. I'm
eating jelly butter and toast. Yeah.
Here we go. The green [music] candle
Jake has pumping up. He can't even wear
his sandals cuz I can't get a handle
[music] of the color of the candle.
Baby, oh my goodness. All I want to do
is pump up. Come on market makers. We
need enough. We need some caffeine
[music] like the coffee in the cup. Jake
Kler, he's out here acting tough. H I
shouldn't have had it. Shouldn't have
longed the top. Should have used high
leverage. I've had enough. [music] How
am I going to tell my mom and my wife I
lost it all? All the money that we saved
all our life. One last leverage long
from the top. I promise after [music]
this I'll stop. But you know the markets
keep on calling. Hey J. Crank up the
leverage. Push long baby. Only long,
never short, only buy, [music] never
sell. Oh no, we long. Now Bitcoin goes
down to hell. Liquidated again. Oh my
[music] goodness. I can't believe this.
All my friends going to say I'm so dumb.
Going to say I'm so stupid. Got chart in
the heart like you're [music] stupid cuz
I'm in love with the leverage trading
even though it's caused me so much pain.
Baby [music]
Yeah. The candles dumping red down
$1,000 instead. I can't [music] believe
what I'm seeing. Baby trees got the
cheese on my knees with the bagels.
Baby, please. Cuz I love the carbs. I
love the fats. I love the [music]
protein. What you think about that? The
macronutrients, they're getting me fat
like they threw me on the wall. I went
[music] slack. The juice is getting
loose. It's coming out the caboose. We
tried to [music] sing the pump song just
to pump the price. The market makers
back down is not very nice. [music]
Uh but now I have to pay the price. I
better think once, better think twice,
maybe price. I'm eating chicken and
rice. We got the broccoli. [music] The
bro food is looking so nice. We took the
liquidity down below. Justin Bieber.
[music] Oh my goodness. What do you
know? Here we go. Got the green
liquidity. The Bitcoin price dumping
down. What a pity. [music]
We got the channel. What could go wrong?
So Jake Casper, he sang the pump song.
We tried to pump it up. Very nice Mark.
Make a dump down. Eating broccoli and
rice. Ah, the red candle better change
it. [music]
Go to the settings. You feel the pain or
turn the red, we'll make it purple.
Jason Cradle like family matters.
[music] You got the splatter. You're
eating chicken and rice on a silver
platter. But then we got [music] to
change the colors if you know what I
mean. J Cra, give it to me green. I give
it to you green, never red, cuz you know
I got the crypto bars in my head.
[music] Sit back. We'll ride the sled
down the snowy hill with the cryptos to
dread. Uh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Can you believe this, guys? Can you
believe this?
I can't believe this.
I really can't believe this. Honestly,
I can't believe I longed the top again.
Seriously, should I take profit? I
better take profit. Jay Casper, you
better take profit, bro. You better take
profit, man. You're crazy.
You're crazy.
Um,
let's see what we got here. Let's put on
the good old We'll put on this.
This is what I like. This This is what I
like. All right.
It's not hype. It's not so hype that I
can't focus, but it's not so chill that
I fall asleep.
All right. So, we're in a $500,000
trade, everybody. We got half a million
on the position. All right. Half a
million on the position. We're up 23K
realized. We're up 5K unrealized. We
were up over 6K unrealized. We launched
the top. We tried to move the market
with our musical abilities. We almost
dropped the laptop off the table onto
the driveway. We had to sing instead of
into a plunger. We had to sing into the
Dolores butt cheek mug. It worked, but
as soon as the pump song was over, the
market makers dumped it because they
want to make a fool of your boy on the
internet.
If there's one thing I hate more than
anything else in life, it's being made a
fool of on the internet.
This is really tough for me, guys, like
emotionally. All right.
What did I use to make a nice entry on
the scalp long?
Um, well, I I you saw me do it live,
right? We we were live. We were live. I
just added to an open position. I didn't
really get this entry. This is from days
ago.
It's from days ago. That's how I got so
much money on it. This is from like a
long time ago.
You know, this one this one was
different. All right. This one we
planned for it. The 618 gave the the
setup. It gave the trade signal. It's
not a signal, but I told everyone when I
was trading it. All right.
Now, let's see what happens here.
Oh, man.
Oh man. Oh man, I'm I'm feeling I'm
feeling down. You know, I've ruined my
entry for no reason. Just for internet
sensationalism,
I'm making a fool of myself on the
internet. Sheesh. You know what I mean?
Um,
have I heard about some gravity thing on
August 12th? No, I haven't. But you know
what?
Should we should we look into that
gravity thing on August 12th? Let's see.
Will the Earth lose gravity for 7
seconds? Now, you know what? When you
when you search something like this and
Snopes is the first page that comes up,
you have to think to yourself, we might
be losing gravity.
I'm pretty sure Snopes exists
just to lie to people, right? Snopes is
the stupidest fact checker out there. I
mean, literally. I mean, remember during
CO 19, Snopes was the female dog of the
institution, [laughter]
right?
Can you trust Snopes at all? You can't.
All right. Now, Dr. Maggie Lou on
YouTube. Now, Dr. Magguil, I could trust
them. You know what I'm saying? Let's
read the AI overview. You can always
trust the AI.
The viral rumor that Earth will lose
gravity for 7 seconds 12 is entirely
false.
scientifically impossible.
Gravity is a fundamental and physical
property determined by the planet's
mass. There's no switch, [music] right?
There ain't no gravity switch out there.
People out there thinking gravity's got
a little switch like a light switch. You
turn it on, you turn it off. Gravity on
off. On, off with a light switch.
You know what I'm saying?
But no, look, look. NASA
NASA has officially debunked it. All
right, NASA. You can always trust NASA.
NASA would never lie to you or tell you
anything false.
The source of the rumor is a baseless
claim. A viral video on social media.
All right. It alleged that a secret $89
billion NASA initiative dubbed Project
Anchor was being prepared to shield
against the event.
What's funny is
You know, I mean, what the funny thing
is NASA gets so much money and what do
they do? They literally do nothing. They
make some Photoshop pictures. They're
like, "Oh, look. We discovered a new
planet." They show you some Photoshop
crap. Scientists discovered a new planet
yesterday. It's just like the Earth 25
trillion light years away. We discovered
it. Here's a Photoshop picture.
Takes billions of dollars for them to do
this crap, right? Who knows what they do
with all that money. Maybe they are
turning off their gravity. Maybe they're
turning off gravity over NASA. Who the
heck knows? I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. I never I
never I never came across this 7 seconds
of gravity missing. We'll find out.
We'll live stream during it. We'll sing
the pump song from off the ground, baby.
Uh you heard it here first. I'm going to
be the first crypto YouTube streamer to
take profit in the air, baby. We're
literally going to the moon. 7 seconds
on the moon, baby. The story of every
crypto trader's life. The story of every
long trade I've ever taken. 7 seconds on
the moon, baby. Then it's straight back
down.
7 seconds on the moon, then it's
straight back down. The story of every
crypto trader's life, man. Man, reminds
me of the time I launched Trumpcoin. 7
seconds on the moon, man. We need NASA
to flip that switch again, baby. You
know what I'm saying?
All right. Shout out to Master Cozy.
Super chat. Hey, wanted to get your
thoughts on FX.
Do I like it? I don't like I used to
trade on FX back in the day. It was only
Bybit and FX only were the like the only
exchanges you could trade on pretty
much. There was um Oh man, what was the
other one? XBT, Prime XBT. No, what was
the one before Bybit? BitMX.
There was BitMX, but then after BitMX,
it was Bybit and FX.
I don't know. It was always very laggy
to me. I didn't really like it. It was
very laggy. I had trouble getting orders
filled. I'd click market buy. I would
like think for too long that I'm like in
at the wrong price. I'm trading on
Bitbase, KX, and Antarctic right now.
All right. Bitbase every week is giving
away $500 to you guys every week.
Plus, no VPN, no KYC,
20% cash back, $1,500 signup bonus, VIP7
fees. If you use my link, they're giving
you 0.005
limit, 0.02, market, deep liquidity.
All right, KSEX. I've had no issue
filling orders up to $2 million. Market
and Antarctic decentralized exchange is
where I'm trading. Decentralized. This
one they for now cuz it's it's a newer
decentralized exchange, you can only go
in $500,000 at a time market order to
avoid uh scam wicks and stuff like that,
but over time that's going to go away.
That's where I'm trading. All right. I'm
not a big fan of FEMX. FEMX. FEMX, you
know, FEX. Is it FEMX or FEMX?
But man, we're we're we're dumping right
now. I feel like such an idiot for
taking for putting money on that trade.
But thank you so much, Master Cozy, for
the for the super chat.
Yeah, we need an anti-gravity TP.
Yeah, NASA run by the trustworthy Nazis.
What could go wrong? What could go
wrong? You know, a little operation
paperclipip here and there. And what
could go wrong?
Super trustworthy guy. I mean, there's
nothing wrong. There's nothing shady
about going out into the desert with
Alistister Crowley and
Elron Huard and Jack Parsons trying to
have some ritual sex magic ritual out
there trying to see what they can bring
through from the other side and then
going to start Jet Propulsion
Laboratories. Ain't nothing shady about
that.
You know what I'm saying?
Totally trustworthy, I'll tell you.
But you know what?
It's always so strange when these types
of rumors do start. My prediction is
that nothing will happen on August 12th.
Sadly, nothing will happen on August
12th.
But even more sadly, this uh
this Bitcoin price is dumping, baby.
This Bitcoin price is dumping, you know.
Big shout out to Cryptocoons for showing
all my stuff.
Thanks, man. I appreciate you, bro.
man. This is not good.
Look at this. We're bleeding. We're
bleeding money right now. Absolutely
bleeding money.
Shout out to Sudep. Shout out to
Cryptobes.
Um, [singing]
man, this is not good. Well, it's not
even worth closing the dang position
here, but it is worth moving my stop
loss under that low
615.
Oh man, man. I got suckered into that.
You know, we were singing the pump song.
We were at the VWAP. You know, we
figured, hey, we're at VWOP. We're at
resistance. It might as well go through.
[music] You know, we're at resistance,
we might as well go through, you know.
Sheesh, man. Sheesh.
FOMC's in 6 minutes. FOMC is not in 6
minutes. It's not real FOMC. It's FOMC
minutes. So, it's not really an FOMC
press conference. Oh, wait. It's a
statement. Oh, wait. No, I'm sorry.
[laughter] Yeah, just meeting minutes.
All right.
So, it's a detailed meeting of what
already happened. They're just going to
talk about what already happened. All
right. So, what the government does
best, they talk about stuff that already
happened. All right.
Cuz everyone knows the Federal Reserve
is part of the government, right?
They're super federal.
There's nothing more federal than the
Federal Reserve.
You know,
[music]
man, the fib puller. Do you think people
use 777 are Crowley Bill followers?
Um, well, it depends.
Everything depends on context, my
friend.
You mean 666?
They're just as federal as the Federal
Express.
Shout out to the FIPO, though. Thank you
so much for the super chat, man. I I
appreciate that,
man. Look at this terrible sea of red.
this terrible sea of red.
Sheesh. Sheesh.
Hopefully we get a little bit of some
juicy green.
All right, while we wait
while we wait for the green, it's time
to pee in the bushes. And you know what?
We will wait for the FOMC minutes, too.
Man, this this laptop's going to
overheat. I hope it can stand it in the
sun here in the bushes.
How do you decide if you want to add to
an existing trade versus opening a new
one?
Uh, the way I decide whether or not to
add to an existing trade versus opening
a new one is simply by am I logged into
another exchange?
Um, it it depends on so many factors. If
it's a swing trade, I wait for a swing
trade retrace. If it's more of a scalp
trade like this one, I should have
waited for more on Honestly, I did this
one pretty much for YouTube
sensationalism. I'm going to be honest
with you. Um, the truth is here.
This trade
um, in the worst case scenario is up 20
over 20K. So, I have literally nothing
to lose [music] by adding to this trade.
I've made 20K no matter what. You know
what I'm saying? Um,
yeah. Let's let this laptop cool off for
a little bit here, guys. All right.
Um, so, okay, Crowley wrote a book on
777.
Okay. I I think it depends because
that's a much lesser known uh number
combination. So, if Michael Jackson is
it, who knows? Musicians, they're
heavily influenced by Alistister
Crowley. I don't know. I I really don't
know. A lot of big guys like Michael
Jackson, too. I mean,
I have a soft spot in my heart for
Michael Jackson. I'll be honest with
you. So, [music]
there's there's not a lot of information
about Michael Jackson out there. Not
that I'm aware of.
I I truly believe Michael Jackson was a
good a good person,
but obviously he was he was heavily
controlled and by people cuz he was
famous since he was a little kid. So,
it's hard to say.
Someone like Michael Jackson using
numbers like that probably probably is
influenced I would have to say is
probably influenced by somebody else.
Um, big shout out to LA Apologetics 2.0.
He says, "May God continue to bless you
my dear brother in Yeshua Hamashiach."
Amen. [music] May he bless you too, bro.
May he bless you too. If you pee
everywhere near you, doesn't your area
smell like pee? Yeah, but here's the
thing. Like,
uh, this is my house, you know? is to
keep people off my territory.
I want to keep people off my territory.
You know what I'm [music] saying?
Um,
was MJ killed because he was trying to
expose the elite? I don't know. And I
really don't know. I don't know.
MJ was framed. I think MJ was framed.
That's my personal opinion. I don't
know. I really don't know. I don't know.
But you guys, if you know Jason Casper,
you know Jason Casper likes Michael
Jackson. So,
all right. So, Ethan, he says, "If you
heard of Paper Clip, but you don't know
where they went after the Apollo
program, they went to Huntsville,
Alabama to Congo, back into the secret
German Area 51, larger than Rhode
Island." There you go.
Look into it if you want. I use P drugs.
I do use P drugs, too. Uh, yeah, it
keeps people away from the property.
MJ was a Soviet double agent. Who knows?
Who knows? You know what is it? I don't
know. I haven't I haven't spent time
looking into Michael Jackson. You know,
I'll be honest with you. I'll be honest
with you. I haven't I haven't spent a
lot of time looking into um
things in general. You know what I'm
saying? Like I I I'm a busy man, guys.
got a lot of stuff going on in life. You
know, I I don't really have time for
that stuff anymore. Back in my younger
days, I used to be all about that stuff.
But, um,
did I see about Conor Murphy? Yeah, I
did. That's That's crazy actually. Yeah,
I saw about Conor Murphy. That's crazy.
Saw about Conor Murphy. All right, we're
starting to get a pump, baby. Here we
go. Green candles up the wazoo. Come on,
baby.
Yeah, Michael Jackson was an amazing
performer, an amazing singer, an amazing
songwriter.
You know, he in my opinion, he's the
definition of talent when you think of
classic classic talent. You can sing,
you can dance, you can write music, you
can play instruments,
you know, you could produce songs. Like,
he he could do everything. He could do
everything.
And pretty much after Michael Jackson,
every other pop star
was like they had to they had to fake
all that stuff, right? Then you had the
industry creating these these pop stars
that, you know, they couldn't write,
they couldn't sing, maybe they could
dance, maybe they could do one of the
things, they could do one of the things,
they couldn't do everything like that.
Man,
it's almost by design to keep us busy
with life that we can't find the truth.
I already know the truth. All right, the
truth is Jesus the Messiah. I already
know the truth. All right, everything
else you have to balance it. All right,
I don't care if I know every deep dark
thing that every deep dark demonic
person's doing in the world cuz honestly
those things really don't matter. All
right. For example,
let's say for just as an example, okay,
if we know everything about the
formation of NASA and project
paperclipip and what happened with all
the Nazi scientists and the projects
that they went to and they're working on
now and all the things that the elites
are working on right now to enslave
everybody. If we spend all our time
learning about that stuff, guess what?
That doesn't change your life situation
at all in any way, shape, or form. It
doesn't change your spiritual condition
doesn't bring you closer to God in any
way, shape, or form. It doesn't bring
you closer to your family in any way,
shape, or form. It doesn't help you get
in a situation where you're more
self-sufficient in every way, shape, or
form. It It doesn't do anything for you.
It just fills up your mind with
information that honestly is kind of
depressing,
right? So, for me, I'd rather just not
focus on that. I'd rather focus on other
stuff, you know, things that have more
of an eternal value like building
relationships, building a homestead,
building a business, you know, investing
in my community. [music]
You know what I'm saying? So, no, I
don't feel like it's necessarily by
design. I feel like in some ways with
all [music] this because with the
internet information so readily
available. I feel like this is my
personal opinion information gets leaked
out there so that people do waste all
their time looking into it when they're
not going to be able to change anything
at all. Big deal. You know all about the
Epstein stuff. Big deal. People knew
about Epstein way before the Epstein
files and all this crap.
But nothing it doesn't matter if you
know about it or not. And even now that
it's being exposed kind of it doesn't
matter anyway. like these things don't
really matter, you know,
but I still do like to look into that
stuff cuz it tickles your curiosity, you
know? I have a little spot under my
armpit called curiosity. You see it? You
see that? That's my curiosity spot right
there. And nothing like a good
conspiracy YouTube video at 3:00 in the
morning to tickle that little spot,
baby.
You know,
you know what I'm saying?
I do love to tickle that curiosity spot.
Razer Fist did a
did a good documentary about Michael
Jackson.
Maybe one day at 3:00 a.m. The next time
I'm awake at 3:00 a.m., which honestly
lately in the Casper household, we've
all been awake at 3:00 a.m. I don't
know. Some kid has a nightmare. Some kid
pisses to bed. Some kid wakes up
randomly and just wants to come say hi
at 3 in the morning.
Weeping up. So maybe the next time my
kid just comes in just to say hi, I'll
say, "Hey, you want to watch this
documentary about Michael Jackson with
me?" Not sleeping anyway. You know what
I'm saying?
Um,
when is my birthday? It's coming up too
soon, guys. I'm officially going to be
old. I'm I'm I'm going to be 40. All
right. I'm going to be 40. Actually, I'm
going to be 36, but I round up. I might
as well be 40. 36. You might as well be
40. I can't even say I'm in my early 30s
anymore.
I'm in my late 30s. I only got four
years left. And then after that,
after I'm 40, I'm 50. And after I'm 50,
I'm 60. It's It happens real quick.
Happens real quick.
You know, where am I expecting to pull
back for a late entry? Honestly, in all
honesty, if we start to pull back from
here, I want lower. I want lower. I want
to come down to like 60K or maybe 61.
I'll be honest. Let's see if we can't
back test this trend line right now.
Let's check out the order flow.
That's not looking so bad. We don't
really have beer CVD here. We just
reject from the VWOP a little bit.
That's true. One thing that does matter
is how many sets of curls you did in the
squat rack. Dave Digital, I did 30 sets
of curls in the squat rack in one arm
workout. Um,
during a very busy day in January,
5:00 p.m. in January at a commercial gym
in a very populated city, I did 30 sets
of barbell curls in the squat rack. I
had over 37 people ask if they could
work in cuz it was their squat day. I
said, "No, I have a few sets left." When
I said a [snorts] few sets, I really
meant multiple multiple sets. And uh
yeah, it it was it was really fun. I got
a really sick bicep pump from it. Um and
after all that work, you know, felt like
I deserve to go across the street and
eat some some Taco Bell. You know what
I'm saying? All that protein goes
straight to the biceps.
Am I getting too old for the Bitcoin
stuff? Um
yeah. Yeah, I am. It's so weird to see
millennials old now. Like it's so weird
to see people who who used to look
really cool, [music] you know, 15, 20
years ago, all tatted up, the
ex-hipsters,
you know, they used to have giant holes
in their ears and now they've sewed them
back up and they still got the tattoos
and all that. It's like, dang, these
people are old. And I'm like I'm like,
I'm the same age as them. It's a little
bit depressing, you know?
It's a little bit depressing.
But um
the conspiracy community has a new
conspiracy every week to keep people
distracted.
Yeah, I feel like there's some truth to
that. You know, it's it's um
everything's got to you got to find
balance in everything. You got to you
got to pick pick where you spend your
time. And honestly, I understand the
whole conspiracy
community is is very entertaining. I'm
not going to lie. You know, I've I' I've
had my my fair share of of enjoyment
throughout the years.
Like I said, it tickles my curiosity
that I got that spot right under the
armpit. Curiosity
tickles. You know,
the rich P rich Piana 8 hour arm day in
the squat rack is key. Yes. Yes. That is
key. That is key.
That is absolutely key. No more altcoins
after 40. I know. I know.
Taco Bell mystery meat. I'm joking. By
the way, guys, I don't eat Taco Bell,
but but I used to I used to, you know, I
used to love I I used to love me some
some Taco Bell. Some Taco Bell.
Um, [music]
can I tell you the lower targets of
Bitcoin? Yeah. I mean [music]
the lower targets of Bitcoin are 60K
Fibonacci golden pocket
and if we can't hold this
then uh I would suspect that we are
going to make a new low and come down
below 60K.
Um
I'm sorry this is the wrong time frame.
This is the wrong time frame. Let me let
me go on the daily. Sorry. Oh my
goodness. Jason Casper, what a fool.
Okay, I meant to say that I think that
this if we're not going to hold well 60K
60K is my actual target. All right, 60K
is where I think we could come back from
to it's the Fibonacci golden pocket, the
PC, all this good stuff. Right around
60K, right around here. If we can't hold
60K, then I think we're going to come
down and make a new low below 57.
All right. The reason for that is
because this is the value area low of
the range right here. This must hold.
This area, let's see, let's put a box.
This area right here must hold. [music]
If this area does not hold, it is not a
good look for Bitcoin.
All right. Let's even pull it down to
the bottom of that low. We have to hold
59 to 61K or else we're going to come
and take out 57,000.
You know, [music] how do I get the
sniper entries?
I don't know. We plan for them. We plan
for them in the Casper crew. We plan for
them. We plan for them in the Casper
crew. [music] You know,
we plan for them. This isn't that sniper
down here. This is not that sniper.
We plan for them in the Casper crew.
You know,
May 14th. May 14th. The short trade
on May 14th.
Where did that happen?
right here. Look at this. May 14th,
shorted. Bam. Setup given in the moment.
Locked in a juicy
$65,000 profit on that one. Uh the long
trade I'm currently in, given on June
25th, locked in a juicy $13,000 profit.
Still $20,000 unrealized.
This trade I mean now this short trade
was planned for in the Casper crew VIP
Discord
on Monday. This was the setup given
here. Actually, this was not the actual
setup given on Monday. We were looking
to short this exact level. This is my
updated plan for that level. But you got
to plan for the trades, man. If you want
to learn how to plan for the trades,
check out the free course on my on my
YouTube channel. It's totally free. If
you want to join the community, go to
Jason Casperrading.com. Myself and other
instructors are doing these trades like
Boyan's epic trade from Monday, right?
Buyen literally
told everyone. He's long in the exact
bottom. Told everyone where to close the
trade at the exact top. Dude's a
monster. Boy's a big scary monster.
He's a big scary monster.
How does the Epstein stuff matter?
the Epstein. How does the Epstein stuff
matter? What's what's so crazy to me is
that for for literally years, there were
so many people, so many whistleblowers
about this elite ring of you know what,
and people said, "Oh, come on. Come on.
It's all fake."
Now, it's supposedly now they're they're
exposing it the which is very strange.
It's like the Oraoris kind of thing,
like the snake eating its own tail. Like
the system exposing itself. very shady
by the way. But
>> hang on one second.
[music]
Yeah, but this stuff allegedly getting
exposed. But here's the thing, nothing's
going to change about it. Nobody's going
to get in trouble except maybe some
low-level people, maybe some liquidity
type people, but no real person's going
to get in trouble. The Clintons aren't
going to get in trouble. Trump's not
going to get in trouble. Bill Gates
ain't going to get in trouble. All these
other people, no one's going to get in
trouble, guys. They just dang it out
there in your face to make you mad. They
give you your two seconds of I told you
so.
They give their your two seconds of I
told you so and then nothing happens.
It's like the whole Dr. Fouchy thing,
right?
You know, during COVID, everyone, not
everyone, a lot of people are saying,
"Look, this Fouchy guy can't be
trustworthy. Look what happened during
the AIDS [music] thing.
Look what this guy's done in the past.
Everyone ignored it. Everyone blocked
you or or canceled you if you talked
about it. Now it all comes out." And
guess what?
Nothing's going to happen. You get your
two seconds if I told you so.
Doesn't change anything.
You know,
if you if you're in the if you're in the
club and you have the money, it doesn't
matter what you do. That's that's the
whole point that it doesn't matter.
>> It doesn't matter.
Exactly. You can do whatever you want as
long as they're high enough on on on the
hierarchy. It that's that's Yeah, that's
that's true. Like that's totally true in
my opinion.
But whatever, man.
I know people get passionate about this
kind of stuff and I understand why, but
the thing is nothing's really going to
happen about it. There's only one thing
that could actually make a change and no
one has the balls to do it. I don't have
the balls to do it and neither do you.
So, it doesn't matter.
No one has the balls to do what needs to
be done.
I don't have the balls to do it. I don't
care enough to do it. I do not care
enough to do it. Right.
Shout out to a beer.
Shout out to Boyen. He says, "I jump on
stream. Jay talks about me and then goes
into Epstein." Sorry, Boyan.
We were talking about your epic trade
though.
You're not sure still how I still have
this YouTube channel. Yeah, it is
strange. But don't worry, it's uh I'm
safe. I'm safe. I'm safe. Don't worry.
I'm safe.
Anyway,
we should probably talk about
cryptocurrency.
We should probably talk about
cryptocurrency and Bitcoin and all that
good stuff.
Cryptocurrency and Bitcoin.
Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Jay Menddees
1902. And not only that, but I'm not
trying to waste my energy on anything
like that, you know, cuz I'm not I'm not
living for this life, right? I'm living
for the Lord. I'm living for eternal
life. I'm not going to waste my energy
on that nonsense, you know? Empires rise
and fall. It is what it is. It is what
it is.
You know, trust in the Lord. Walk in his
ways. Fear God. everything's going to be
all right for you.
You know, you could waste all your
energy trying to fix things in this
world and then your life is over. That's
it. That's it.
You haven't really done anything.
That's how I look at it. People have
different opinions.
All right. So, a boyan, why don't you
tell us, bro?
Doesn't this Yeah, this life does
matter. This life does matter. It does
matter, but you got to be very careful
about the things you spend your time and
energy with
cuz we only have a short period.
Boy, what do you think? Is Bitcoin going
to pump or dump? Bro,
is Bitcoin going to pump or dump? Bro, I
got to know. It looks like we got a
green candle now. It's getting me giddy
as a school girl right now. Come on,
Bitcoin.
How much are the fees I pay in the
larger trades?
0.05.
0.05
mark uh market order uh limit order 0.02
limit order. The fees don't change. Uh
but oh, if you want to know specifically
the amount of fees that I've paid is
about 900 about $1,000
about $1,000 of fees
so far on this trade.
says sideways until tomorrow.
>> Sorry. Thank you, boy. is 0.005
0005.
All right. I'm a little bit drunk on the
candles, guys. I'm a little bit drunk
[music] on the candles.
All right. All right. All right. All
right. You know what? You know what? I
think it's about that time, guys. I
think it's about that time. God bless
you all. We'll see you later.